Doc 9195 dev tutorial guides (#2259)
couchbase/docs-server: modules/tutorials/partials/tutorial-globals.adoc

////
 This file contains a set of global variables that will come in handy for bits of the documentation
 that might change between releases. Rather than hunting down version numbers that need changing in the
 document set, just put them all here and use variables in the document files.
////

:current-enterprise-version: 7.1
:minimum-jdk-version: 8+
:minimum-maven-version: 3+

:minimum-python-version: 3+

> :why-waitUntilReady: pass:q[As discussed earlier in xref:getting-started.adoc[], Couchbase has been designed from the ground up to be scalable and performant, and an important part of this design is the architecture behind the APIs. Most of the APIs are non-blocking, which means that once you call them, your program is free to carry on and do other things while the called function executes.]

Reviewer: Broken link

```suggestion
:why-waitUntilReady: pass:q[As discussed earlier in xref:couchbase-tutorial-student-records.adoc[], Couchbase has been designed from the ground up to be scalable and performant, and an important part of this design is the architecture behind the APIs. Most of the APIs are non-blocking, which means that once you call them, your program is free to carry on and do other things while the called function executes.]
```

Author: Good catch!
